# Go API client for cyborgdb

CyborgDB is a secure, encrypted vector database that allows you to store and query high-dimensional vectors with end-to-end encryption. This OpenAPI specification describes the REST interface used by the Go SDK client to perform operations such as indexing, querying, and health checks.


## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.14.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```sh
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```go
import cyborgdb "github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `cyborgdb.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), cyborgdb.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `cyborgdb.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), cyborgdb.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `cyborgdb.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `cyborgdb.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), cyborgdb.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), cyborgdb.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.cyborgdb.co*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DefaultAPI* | [**CreateIndex**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#createindex) | **Post** /indexes | Create a new encrypted index
*DefaultAPI* | [**GetHealth**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#gethealth) | **Get** /health | Check service health
*DefaultAPI* | [**ListIndexes**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#listindexes) | **Get** /indexes | List all indexes
*DefaultAPI* | [**QueryVectors**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#queryvectors) | **Post** /vectors/query | Query vectors in the encrypted index


## Documentation For Models

 - [CreateIndexRequest](docs/CreateIndexRequest.md)
 - [EncryptedIndex](docs/EncryptedIndex.md)
 - [HealthResponse](docs/HealthResponse.md)
 - [IndexConfig](docs/IndexConfig.md)
 - [QueryRequest](docs/QueryRequest.md)
 - [QueryResponse](docs/QueryResponse.md)
 - [QueryResult](docs/QueryResult.md)
 - [VectorItem](docs/VectorItem.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



